About School

As one of the best schools in gopalganj,
M.P. Public School has very good infrastructure
in terms of building and supporting facilities, 
and in procedding stage. The School had beed 
renovated from it's original condition in to a 
floor construction. When you arrive at the front
yard of this school, you will be greeted by
a security. The school is arranged in 'L' shape.
In the centre, you will see a wide open area
with a flag pole. The area is used for flag 
raising ceremony and also for sports activities 
as well as other outdoor activities.
There are 12 classrooms of a very big sizes at present.
Class run from Play to std.8.
Like other Schools, there are many people working 
together to develop this School. At the moment, 
the principal of this school is Mr. Vijay Kumar.
He is assisted by 20 teachers.
Besides the teaching and learning process,
the School also has many extracurricular activities.
Sports activities.
M.P. Public School also prepare students for 
entrance examinations like Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV),
Central Hindu School (CHS),
Sainik School, Simultala awasiya vidyalaya, etc.
M.P. Public School has many achievements from decges ago.
Some of the current achievements of this school
is give successful result of 14 students in Sainik School out of 15.

In short, the achievement of the school has motvated 
the school community to optimistically struggle for the 
best school in gopalganj, Bihar. By considering all the good
points of this school in academic and extrcurricular 
if is notsurprising is yu want to send yur children 
to study here.


About Director

Welcome to the website of M.P. Public School, Jagarnatha Gopalganj.
As you navigate you way through the site discovering what we have to offer, you will find answer to the many preliminary questions you may have about our school, our academic programme and student life.
As the director of the school, I feel honoured and priviledged to be part of an educational institution where everyone is a learner and every day is an opportunity to learn and discover.
We look at ourselves as a community of learners, where everyone learns including our teachers, parents & staff.
Out staff fruitfully employ two diverse strategies that are of love and logic to foster a positive learning environment for all our students.
Your child's learning involves and revolves around on effective partnership between home and school.
We know the stronger the partnership is the more your child will benefit.
We also know that learning is social, and in this context We encourage you to come and speak to us in person for a more detailed perspective.
I look forward to working with you as we help create a school where parents are welcome at anytime, students are engaged in meaningful learning and the staff members are valued and appreciated for their efforts.

Vijay Kumar,
Director